have the preorder last
category belonged to categories
discuss devices that have just hit the market
test that are not yet on the market though
so they are announced together
between the announcement and release
and we actually look mainly at what
interesting devices and not
so many really good devices one
of those integral devices first
samsung galaxy s4 zoom
actually it's just a digital
camera with an s 4 to 8 glued on with
slightly lesser specifications remain
the s4
the screen is somewhat smaller in the process
slows down less
all that kind of thing goes well there
it is not about the concept
from the actual coffin and galaxy camera
but then a bit more handy
he has is just a zoom lens it is
also really has a camera on the
side
such a bobble we are good at
can hold the zoom lens as a camera
on that season which is of course unique
in a smartphone
and for us a very interesting one
concept, we see ourselves as fast than
with a camera as the primary telephone
walk and call on more but that's good
of course to the user to
determine whether it will really be a success
that question was a bit off it is
of course also a bit one
test balloon from samsung
only in this case is it okay
interesting concept and would be very curious
what will happen to it
second is the samsung
galaxy s3
ps3 is just not yet in store
he is not such a whole in terms of specifications
also exciting in terms of price
not true given the reputation of the one
sled
in terms of price and each value is 2 now
also twice in this list
So if gram occurs, you'll see how
well the value of
the device is also very, very bad
curious about the history in that area
going to do
at this time the advice knit than
300 euros that is a bit too much for that
300 euros you get a smartphone with ltd
a wvg year fencing 5 megapixel camera
a quick cry
snapdragon processor so all that
not so very thundering but we
expect that the price will go fast
bags to two 150 to 200 euros and
passion and that price segment is coming
then it becomes interesting and certain
if it drops a little further and
if he ended up on the price of the
Galaxy is 2 hours 160 euros then comes
very very interesting and
a that is why this galaxy s3 is us
is a very interesting phone
look online first
sony device well I the xperia z ultra
and what's so interesting about xperia z
ultra is the one that it
most powerful phone is the one on this
moment announced is one the first
phone announced with a
process or is right over the two gert
sense to a qualcomm snapdragon 800
processor with 2.2 gerts in 2 gigabytes
Of course everything else in RAM memory
on him another thing that quite
interesting about this phone is that
It is a phone that Sony really uses
fully addresses the very large
screen size
Samsung leaves him Galaxy Mega at the door
come 6.2 inch screen
there is the z ultra has a 6.44 inch
screen even slightly larger but it
is not that with it like with samsung
the galaxy note line is real flexi square
with very large screen and the house
galaxy mega there with its much
larger screen a bit like
kind of test balloon at the xperia z
ultra it is different
as long as you really go full on that 6.44
inch screen we are very sorry
wonder what that will bring you further
you operate the screen error with a
pencil I would like that
and of course the z ultra is again
waterproof and so super thin 6.5
millimeters so immediately in from the
thinnest smartphones and of course
waterproof all sony function stop
8 megapixel camera, by the way
without LED flash and just a super
powerful and very big , we think so
interesting